just enough to make
contribute to something that happens
if it seems a little bit to you
wrong
like me for example
hello everyone decided to take down the answer city
horses have a wig online which took off
movie about you for 3 years about what you
under managed no need to taxi and
In general, you can control one hand with one
everything is perfect with your finger
the driver all the way while shooting a video
tried to catch and tax UAZ
patriot it looks like this then
we have it periodically quietly
breastfeeding role every second he himself of this
did not notice because when I wrote
the fact that Mary has patrols when you
same every second your car under the storms and
that is, steering will be at 90
Kilometers ironing I now this less
more but when you go Sheremeta
expose this patrol oh no what about me
on the kind that this is not a taxiing from us
such roads are such there still something on
cited then in general I will say from the fact that
all the same we have such machines UAZ patriot
it's still yet another truck
bodywork
jeep to to to to to to to rule
although like the latter is now on new
hydraulic actuators can be and get on it
you can go and exactly the same
every 2 seconds and he will keep his
trajectory of which i doubt of course
there is always hope and queen
that is why
boy advice you do not confuse normal
driving is not normal if you taxi
what to recognize that you have patreon to
Sorry until the car is perfect
European and ate on the road
real taxi and all the time
lavigne eat it myself personally went on
UAZ himself personally checked that the car
compared to other manageability something
creepy situation aesthetically pleasing to either
here you have to get used to the knife are you going to
the truck
I want to replace even just a guy and
I drove it always like this here, even a handful of
I'm not talking about the moment when he let go
so here's a trembling hand literally two
seconds, we again grabbed fearing now
will be back
Yes, nonsense is all while shooting wants me
need nothing to catch and do not need
taxi